<h1>Doped Semiconductor Calculation</h1>
    <h2>Question:</h2>
    <p>A doped semiconductor has 10 billion silicon atoms and 15 million pentavalent atoms. If the ambient temperature is 25°C, how many free electrons are there inside the semiconductor?</p>
    <blockquote>
    <h2>Solution:</h2>
    <p>To find the number of free electrons in the doped semiconductor, we need to consider the following:</p>
    <ol>
        <li><strong>Number of dopant atoms:</strong> In this case, the dopant atoms are pentavalent, which means each dopant atom contributes one free electron. We have 15 million (15 x 10<sup>6</sup>) pentavalent atoms.</li>
        <li><strong>Thermal excitation:</strong> At ambient temperature (25°C or 298 K), some electrons from the valence band can be thermally excited into the conduction band. However, for a heavily doped semiconductor like the one described, the contribution of the dopant atoms to the number of free electrons typically dominates over the thermal excitation of electrons from the valence band.</li>
    </ol>
    <p>Given the heavy doping (15 million dopant atoms compared to 10 billion silicon atoms), the number of free electrons contributed by the pentavalent dopants will be a good estimate of the total number of free electrons.</p>
    
    <p><strong>Total number of free electrons:</strong></p>
    <p>Since each pentavalent dopant atom contributes one free electron, the number of free electrons is approximately equal to the number of pentavalent dopant atoms.</p>
    
    <p>Therefore, the number of free electrons in the semiconductor is:</p>
    <p><strong>15 million = 15 x 10<sup>6</sup> free electrons</strong></p>
    </blockquote>
